1. What is a Build tool?
	In software terminology,building means the conversion of source code and other artifacts,like images or configuration files,into another artifact.
The build result can be shared internally or to other users.

A Build tool is used to automate repetitive tasks during this process. It can be used to compile source code,run software tests and create files and documentation for the software deployment.
	The Build tools typically can be run directly from command line without any user interface and hence these builds are called headless. 
It is very practical to use bulid tools in larger projects as the volume of code to be tested is high and automation makes if fast,accurate and efficient.

2. How many buildtools are there?

For very software programm like Java,.Net , there are specified Buildtools such as:
1. For Java - Ant,Maven,Gradle
2. For .NET framework -NAnt
3. C# - MSBuild

3. What is ANT?
	Another Neat Tool(ANT) is a general purpose build tool. It is used for building and deploying Java projects but can be used for every possible repetitive tasks ex. generating documentation.

4.What is build.xml?

A java build process consists of :
 - The compilation of the java source into java bytercode
 - Creation of the .jar file for the distribution of the code
 - Creation of the javadoc documentation

Ant using xml for its configuration. The default name is build.xml. Ant builds are based on based on 3 tags : projects,target and task
- Project : A Project is a unit of work : ex. compiling source code or create a javadoc. Projects can be grouped into targets
- Target : A target is a collection of tasks that we want to run as one unit. Targets can have dependencies on other targets.
- Task : A task can be directly invoked via Ant. Tasks can specify dependencies and Ant will execute all the dependent targets automatically.

The Project tag has 3 attributes :

1. Name : Name of the project
2. Default : The default target for the build script.A project may contain any number of targets. This arrtibute specified which target should be considered as the default.
3. Basedir : The base directory or the root folder for the project.

