WHAT IS BUILD-TOOL?
Built tool is a program that automate the process of building an executable application from source code.This building process includes activities like compiling,linking and packaging the code into an executable from.

The activities include:
*Downloading the dependencies.
*Compiling source code to the form of binary code.
*Packaging that binary code.
*Running the test.
*Deploying them to the production systems.

SOME BUIL-TOOLS ARE AS FOLLOWS:
There are many built tools present in IT market.Some are
1. Apache Ant - Popular for java platform development and uses an XML file format.
2. Apache Maven - A java platform tool for dependency management and automated software build
3. Bazel - A portion of blaze written in java,using Starlark to build projects in java,c,c++,python.
4. Buildout - A Python based build system for creating,assembling and deploying applications from multiple parts.
5. Gradle - An open-source build and automation system with an Apache Groovy based domain specific language,combining features of Apache Ant and Apache Maven.

WHAT IS ANT?
ANT is nothing but Another Neat Tool.It is java based build tool from Apache.
HISTORY:
ANT was created by James Duncan Davidson.It was originally used to build Tomcat, and was bundled as a part of Tomcat distribution.
FEATURES:
>>ANT is the most complete Javabuild and deployment tool available.
>>ANT is platform neutral and can handle platform specific properties such as modifying the modified time of a file using 'touch' command.
>>ANT script are written using XML.
>>ANT is good at automating Complicated repetitive tasks.
>>ANT comes with a big list of predefined tasks.
>>ANT provides an interface to develop custom tasks.
>>ANT can be easily invoked from the command line and it acn integrated with IDEs.
>>ANT is one of the highly Customizable and Configurable build tool that is available in this space of DevOps tools.
>>ANT is also an ideal build tool if your project is a mix and match of technologies like C, C++, and Java, etc.

WHAT IS BUILD.XML?
ANT build file called build.xml,it is a discriptive language which undertands by ANT.This files should reside in the base directory of the project,but it is not mandatory.This  can be of any name and in any location in computer.All build files require the project element and at least one target element.The extension XML stands for Extensible Markup Language.The main purpose of XML is to carry data.

The XML has three elements which are called as 'Tags'.
1. Project
2. Target
3. Tasks

1. Project:
Project elemtent has again three attributes
1. Name: contains name of project
2. Default:The default target for build script.A project may contain any number of targets.
3. Basedir:The base directory or the root folder for the project.
4.Description:It contains detail explanation about project.

2. Target:
The target element has attributes
1. Name:The name of target
2. Depends:Comma separated list of all targets that this target depends on.
3. source:the source of program(location)

3. Tasks:
Task elemts has four attributes
1. Compile:To compile the give code
2. Build:The process of building code 
3. Test:It will test the code is it excutable or not
4. Deploy: It will bring the code to usable or excutable

